misc/marketing.md, before:

# Marketing Plan

The software will be free and open source, but the Google API hits will _not_
be free, so we will need to sell something if people are actually going to
use this.

## Advertising

Since we are using Next.js (server side rendering), it should be possible to
set up advertising. Removing the optional message bank component will make
plenty of room for banner ads on both sides.

## Guilt

For people with ad blockers, it would be cool if we could do a dynamic
component like "hi, this app was created by a New Jersey music teacher, Jack
DeVries. You have currently spent $\_\_ of his money by using this website with
an adblocker. Please turn your ad blocker off for this website.

In the meantime, we should just do the spiel without anything fancy.

## Freemium

We can enable additional features for $? per month:

- Message box sidebar
- Mobile and tablet view (see wireframe)

## School Districts

Once we have reached enough stability and maturity, we can sell licenses to
whole school districts, but that will also require some fancy authentication
backend to be able to issue accounts en masse like that.

Commit message:

feat: user can choose from their classroom courses

misc/marketing.md, after:

# Marketing Plan

The software will be free and open source, but the Google API hits will _not_
be free, so we will need to sell something if people are actually going to
use this.

## Advertising

It should be possible to set up advertising. Removing the optional message bank
component will make plenty of room for banner ads on both sides.

## Ad-blockers

For starters, just tell users that I am a teacher and ask kindly. Analytics
will determine how big of a problem this is in time.

## Freemium

We can enable additional features for $? per month:

- Clickable UI
- Message box sidebar
- Mobile and tablet view (see wireframe)

We will have tight control over who our users are; i.e. they will need to be
signed into the google accounts bound to their classrooms to use the site.
That means we can probably offer a free trial and resonably enforce that
users are not jumping from trial to trial.

## School Districts

Once we have reached enough stability and maturity, we can sell licenses to
whole school districts, but that will also require some fancy authentication
backend to be able to issue accounts en masse like that.
