misc/tech.md, before:

# Django

Additional tools and libraries:

- httpx
- tailwind css
- django-allauth
- google api client libraries

# Implementation Planning Notes

I am currently working towards an alpha release, which will include limited
features. The alpha build will be able to:

1. limit access to the product via email login
2. use the main grading view on desktop.
3. implement analytics to measure API consumption per user
4. implement auto-scaling via kubernetes and docker

# Detail on Alpha Features

### Limit Access

> limit access to the product via email login

It is ok if this is quick and hacky and the authentication flow can be jank.
We just need a way to control the amount of users using the alpha and also have
enough security that our application API cannot be easily hijacked or abused.

### Main Grading View

> use the main grading view on desktop.

This is the core and most critical functionality of the project. It should
work and work well, because it is here to stay.

### Analytics

> implement analytics to measure API consumption per user

### Scalability

> implement auto-scaling via kubernetes and docker

If it is possible for th site to turn a profit, we definitely want it to scale
automatically and do its thing.

# Detail on Beta Features

### Data Model

Although the application will primarily be an intermediary between the user
and their google data, we will still need our own database to manage user
permissions and subscriptions.

Commit message:

student submission text makes it to the frontend!

misc/tech.md, after:

# Django

Additional tools and libraries:

- httpx
- tailwind css
- django-allauth
- google api client libraries

# Implementation Planning Notes

I am currently working towards an alpha release, which will include limited
features. The alpha build will be able to:

1. limit access to the product via email login
2. use the main grading view on desktop.
3. implement analytics to measure API consumption per user
4. implement auto-scaling via kubernetes and docker

# Detail on Alpha Features

### Limit Access

> limit access to the product via email login

It is ok if this is quick and hacky and the authentication flow can be jank.
We just need a way to control the amount of users using the alpha and also have
enough security that our application API cannot be easily hijacked or abused.

### Main Grading View

> use the main grading view on desktop.

This is the core and most critical functionality of the project. It should
work and work well, because it is here to stay.

### Analytics

> implement analytics to measure API consumption per user

### Scalability

> implement auto-scaling via kubernetes and docker

If it is possible for th site to turn a profit, we definitely want it to scale
automatically and do its thing.

# Pre-Release Chores

- [ ] set up advertising
- [ ] deploy to an auto-scaling service
- [ ] profile the application to ensure that advertising will be profitable
      on its own, and that we need not impose additional limits

# Detail on Post-Release and Premium Features

### Data Model

Although the application will primarily be an intermediary between the user
and their google data, we will still need our own database to manage user
permissions and subscriptions.

### Rich Data?

Turns out we can easily export docs to any MIME type, presumably including
text/html. So, it might be trivial to create a rich data view:

[docs](https://developers.google.com/resources/api-libraries/documentation/drive/v3/python/latest/drive_v3.files.html#export)

### Security

The XSS vulnerabilities noted in [htmx's security
documentation](https://htmx.org/docs/#security) needs to be protected against.
Maybe there is a library for this already?
